Add Lets Encrypt sample and article (#1673)
microsoft/reverse-proxy: docs/docfx/articles/lets-encrypt.md

```csproj
<PackageReference Include="LettuceEncrypt" Version="1.1.2" />
```

## Configuration
There are required options for LettuceEncrypt that should be set, see the example of `appsettings.json`:

```JSON
{
  "Urls": "http://*:80;https://*:443",

  "Logging": { ... },

  "ReverseProxy": {
    "Routes": { ... },
    "Clusters": { ... }
  },

  "LettuceEncrypt": {
    // Set this to automatically accept the terms of service of your certificate authority.
    // If you don't set this in config, you will need to press "y" whenever the application starts
    "AcceptTermsOfService": true,

    // You must specify at least one domain name
    "DomainNames": [ "example.com" ],

    // You must specify an email address to register with the certificate authority
    "EmailAddress": "it-admin@example.com"
  }
}
```

## Update Startup

```C#
using Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection;

public class Startup
{
    public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
    {
        services.AddLettuceEncrypt();
    }
}
```

For more options (i.e. saving certificates) see examples in [LettuceEncrypt doc](ttps://github.com/natemcmaster/LettuceEncrypt).

> ## Middleware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Kestrel Endpoints
```

# Lets Encrypt

## Introduction

> YARP can support a certificate authority [Lets Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) by using the API of another ASP.NET Core project [LettuceEncrypt](https://github.com/natemcmaster/LettuceEncrypt). It allows to set up TLS between the client and YARP and then use HTTP communication to the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YARP can support the certificate authority [Lets Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) by using the API of another ASP.NET Core project [LettuceEncrypt](https://github.com/natemcmaster/LettuceEncrypt). It allows you to set up a TLS between the client and YARP and then use HTTP communication to the backend.
```

> YARP can support the certificate authority [Lets Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) by using the API of another ASP.NET Core project [LettuceEncrypt](https://github.com/natemcmaster/LettuceEncrypt). It allows you to set up a TLS between the client and YARP and then use HTTP communication to the backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
YARP can support the certificate authority [Lets Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) by using the API of another ASP.NET Core project [LettuceEncrypt](https://github.com/natemcmaster/LettuceEncrypt). It allows you to set up TLS between the client and YARP with minimal configuration.
```

Do we want to call out using http to the backend here? Technically it's not related to what happens between the client and the proxy.

Author: Agree, will replace it

## Requirements

> LettuceEncrypt package should be added into project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the LettuceEncrypt package dependency:
```

```csproj
<PackageReference Include="LettuceEncrypt" Version="1.1.2" />
```

## Configuration
There are required options for LettuceEncrypt that should be set, see the example of `appsettings.json`:

```JSON
{
  // Base URLs the server listens on, must be configured independently of the routes below.
  // Can also be configured via Kestrel/Endpoints, see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/servers/kestrel/endpoints

>   "Urls": "http://localhost:80;https://localhost:443",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "Urls": "http://*:80;https://*:443",
```

> {
>   // Base URLs the server listens on, must be configured independently of the routes below.
>   // Can also be configured via Kestrel/Endpoints, see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/servers/kestrel/endpoints
>   "Urls": "http://*:80;https://*:443",
> 
>   //Sets the Logging level for ASP.NET
>   "Logging": {
>     "LogLevel": {
>       "Default": "Information",
>       // Uncomment to hide diagnostic messages from runtime and proxy
>       // "Microsoft": "Warning",
>       // "Yarp" : "Warning",
>       "Microsoft.Hosting.Lifetime": "Information"
>     }
>   },
> 
>   "ReverseProxy": {
>     // Routes tell the proxy which requests to forward
>     "Routes": { ...  },
>     // Clusters tell the proxy where and how to forward requests
>     "Clusters": { ...  }
>   },
>   
>   "LettuceEncrypt": {
>     // Set this to automatically accept the terms of service of your certificate authority.
>     // If you don't set this in config, you will need to press "y" whenever the application starts
>     "AcceptTermsOfService": true,
> 
>     // You must at least one domain name
>     "DomainNames": [ "example.com" ],
> 
>     // You must specify an email address to register with the certificate authority
>     "EmailAddress": "it-admin@example.com"
>   }
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{
  "Urls": "http://*:80;https://*:443",

  "Logging": { ... },

  "ReverseProxy": {
    "Routes": { ... },
    "Clusters": { ... }
  },

  "LettuceEncrypt": {
    // Set this to automatically accept the terms of service of your certificate authority.
    // If you don't set this in config, you will need to press "y" whenever the application starts
    "AcceptTermsOfService": true,

    // You must at least one domain name
    "DomainNames": [ "example.com" ],

    // You must specify an email address to register with the certificate authority
    "EmailAddress": "it-admin@example.com"
  }
}
```

I would keep the config example focused on `LettuceEncrypt`. We're already not including all the YARP boilerplate (clusters & routes), I think we can skip the rest too.

```

## Update Startup

```C#
using Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection;

public class Startup
{
    public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
    {
        services.AddLettuceEncrypt();
    }
}
```

For more options (i.e. saving certificates) see examples in [LettuceEncrypt doc](ttps://github.com/natemcmaster/LettuceEncrypt).

## Middleware

> If your project is explicitly using kestrel options to configure IP addresses, ports, or HTTPS settings, you will also need to call `UseLettuceEncrypt`. This is required to make Lettuce Encrypt work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project is explicitly using kestrel options to configure IP addresses, ports, or HTTPS settings, you will also need to call `UseLettuceEncrypt`.
```
